[Music]
the remote in the race for the world's
most advanced communications technology
a shocking discovery has been made what
was that
lock your remote give me a thermal
reading result two six six it'll take
too long scientists into the heart of
the African jungle a secret hidden for
2,000 years holds the key to the future
the sparrows eight one four five two
Houston who you read he used to work for
the CIA and now your throttle some will
come to it for science big deal Karis
big buy some for fortune a diamond mine
of incredible bounty and some to return
home doesn't really belong anywhere does
she know she belongs here together they
will search my boss I thought I wasn't
gonna make it we sent another expedition
drawn deep into a mystery can't destroy
people dead great gorillas that thing is
a great gorilla I thought what and the
more they discover same eerily flicks
over and over the greater the danger
what do they say we are watching you
[Applause]
so any animal move like that
[Music]
intelligent are the smart to dams we're
getting out of here what about there put
them on the endangered species list from
the best-selling novel by the author of
Jurassic Park
the myth of the killer egg is true
[Applause]
Kongo where you are the endangered
species
[Music]